alright hey guys what's up its brandon
here l city fingerboards so today i have
an unboxing from Roswell skateboards and
fingerboards I'd like to thank Eric the
owner for sending these products to me
to review and let's get into it
oh alright so we've got some packing
those here take the stuff again and I'll
show you what you sent
alright cool all right so Eric sent me
so I don't know if these are stickers or
tattoos they look like they may be
stickers so some bad DNA stickers some
business cards sorry guys cut the camera
a different way and I can't really see
it half off all right so another cool
little Roswell sticker another business
card and again the Roswell alien not
sure if those are stickers or tattoos
but I will find out okay and he also
since all right cool that's really nice
sent me one of his Roswell finger boards
all white on white way throws ball
bearing wheels and white wide trucks
cool thanks a lot eric i'll definitely
sesh that and have a review on that as
well and he's also sent me a set of his
roswell skateboard longboard wheels i
believe these are 78 a duro with looks
to be about a 70 not too sure but
they're nice orange color so I'm
definitely going to try these out they
look to be like a side set wheel so I'm
definitely not throw these on my
longboard and test MO and then come back
with a review for you guys who are into
longboarding so be on the lookout for
review on the Roswell skateboards
longboard wheels and the Roswell
skateboards fingerboard so thanks for
watching guys thanks again Eric I really
appreciate you sending these out for
review yeah so stay tuned guys for my
full review on these products